We've been tricked.
What Xianjun said just now is that the demons are resurrected
What's the matter?
The devil has awakened
All those who died in this strife
Will become the flesh and blood of the gods
Help him regain his strength
Look between the eyebrows of these disciples
That is the hardness of the devil
Once the magic enters the body
Will become the puppet of the devil
I don't want to be a puppet
Please save me
Hahaha save you
It's too late, all of them have become the nourishment of Lord Tianmo
Hahaha ah
Don't want to die to save me
You are you
Pick out our siege of Qingyun Sword Sect
You bastard
Cut you to pieces
Sun Wang fried the soul of the dead
I didn't expect all three of us to fall for your trick
It's all you three old men who are greedy
This is what happened.
Can't blame someone
I, Situ Haotian
You committed such a crime
Are you really not afraid of retribution?
Oh.
If there is retribution
How can I, Situ Haotian, live until now?
Since God doesn't punish you
Then I'll do the right thing for heaven